1.1.0 & 1.2.0:
✓ 0. Mushrooms! Removed these on first pass by mistake
✓ 1. Berries! These need to be in more biomes (Birch Forest)
✓ 2. Moss
3. Dead trees
✓ 4. Roots to some trees (jungle)
✓ 5. More block variations in jungle surface rules
✓ 6. Fix Wooded Badlands surface rules to properly replace normal Wooded Badlands on cliffs
✓ 7. Fix cocoa beans not being on Jungle trees
✓ 8. Water colors from Bedrock as necessary
✓ 9. Fix jungle bushes spawning too deep in water
✓ 10. Fix flat surface rule not properly comparing
✓ 11. Fix Snowy Plains to have more trees? See 'Better snowy biome' for more information, as well as possibly tinting leaves white in those biomes or during snowfall?
✓ 12. Fix blocks not having loot tables
✓ 13. Fix Grove trees being mostly Minecraft-native trees still
14. Revisit Mushroom Island, possibly? How much can I really do for the biome?

1.3.0:
✓ 1. Make mushroom island vegetation better
✓ 2. Moss patches on Stony Shore
✓ 3. -Fix- REMOVE tide pools for both Beach and Stony Shore

Unknown Timeline:
1. Revisit tide pools with custom feature? => OR, leave to PVJ?
2. Nether biomes?
    Nether dirt around lava lakes? Sinuous Weed? Other things from Primal Core?
    Other Nether plants? Unsure. Revamp normal Nether Wastes biome to be a bit less wasteland?
    Possibly add soul sandstone? or at least when Quark is there, do that?
3. Dead trees in some biomes? (WILL need custom placers in some cases to look good, I think)
4. Some sort of lava-y decoration around lava pools (blackstone, basalt, etc)
5. Make grass that spawns in caves actually dirt, coarse dirt, or rooted dirt
    Do it with a feature instead of something else, placed by search below the surface at specified points in the chunk?
    Can then use that to place ferns as necessary underneath the cliffs
6. Tree search a la Cliff Under a Tree or Terralith? Must be some good ideas in there I can work with

2.0.0:
1. Changes to cave biomes to make them look better?
    ✓ Water color changes for Lush Caves (greenish) and Deep Darp (deep blue-black inky)
    ✓ Ferns in lush caves, as well as increased changes of Glow Lichen and lilypads
    ✓ More particles in cave biomes? Spore blossom, ash in deep dark, etc?
    ✓ Mushrooms in Dripstone Caves
    ✓ Minor vegetation tweaks in Lush Caves
    ✓ Lots more glow lichen in every biome, specifically in large patches

2.2.0:
✓ 1. Look at what Natures Spirit does for their redwoods biomes to improve old growth pine taiga?
    Doesn't do it in a reasonable way. Do it like BoP does and add branches, maybe?
✓ 2. Look at reducing the trees in plains copses and possibly adding a few here and there outside them
✓ 3. Snowy plains should have yellow grass, maybe snowy taiga?
✓ 5. Keep plains trees OUT of normal structures. possibly via second under-layer?
✓ 6. Fix forest path track application level
✓ 7. Possibly add more moss to mossy forest&taiga areas?
✓ 8. Fix snowy biomes snow & mixin issues
✓ 9. Fix cliff stone visuals & lips
✓ 10. Clean up internals incl. namespaces, -5485 200, -124

3.0.0
✓ 1. More tree shape changes/decorators
    ✓ Roots on some trees, such as jungle and large spruce/pine?
    ✓ A branch decorator to make Redwood-esque trees look better?
    ✓ A branch decorator for jungle trees
✓ 2. More water in caves, via waterfalls and such?
    ✓ Water & lava springs, if I can get them working
    ✓ Pools generating in Dripstone Caves, but hopefully not in the side of 'em => Not going to happen, the issue with dripstone caves isn't lack of decoration, it's low spawning range.
✓ 3. Make sure tree'd hillsides are properly covered in more stunted trees
✓ 4. Revisit Mushroom Island, possibly? More volcanic, hotsprings, basaltic mineral sands, the lot
    ✓ Possibly add Mycelial Growth similar to warped roots
✓ 5. Other cave tweaks?
    ✓ Rooted dirt + hanging roots on the top of caves near the surface, lush or not?
    ✓ Make sure rooted dirt doesn't spawn underwater => blacklist mud maybe, and have a separate mud feature for mangrove swamps?
✓ 6. Fix orange terracotta spawning at the top of Badlands biomes
✓ 7. Vines & drooping leaves in Dark Forest biomes
✓ 8. Small Dripleaves in swamps, maybe? Could do jungles too => Chose specifically mangrove swamps (hot, humid, wet, overgrown)
✓ 9. Ocean updates
    ✓ Top Levels (0-30m) in: Frozen Ocean, Cold Ocean, Ocean: Kelp on 0-1 gravel, seagrass on 2+, red algae more common the warmer it is
    ✓ Mid (fade 30m-40m) to Bottom Levels (40m-down) in: Frozen Ocean, Cold Ocean, Ocean: Red algae and bone coral, with more bone coral on rockier portions
    ✓ Top Levels (0-30m) in: Lukewarm Ocean: Kelp on boulders (areas with 1 sand), seagrass & red algae on sand
    ✓ Mid (fade 30m-40m) to Bottom Levels (40m-down) in: Lukewarm Ocean: Red algae and bone coral, with more bone coral on rockier portions
    ✓ Warm ocean has some changes to possibly make coral generate more reef-like, otherwise no need for changes
✓ 10. Fix Badlands biome cliff generation to be more interesting (all `minecraft:badlands` now)
✓ 11. Check whether more optimization of generated item entities can be done => no, roughly 250 forest items per loaded render distance 16 is from trees and only trees
✓ 12. Fix lots of missing tags on NP blocks & items
✓ 13. Fix powder snow & grove biomes with cliff surface rules
✓ 14. Reduce spring generation frequency in ceilings & make lava overwrite sculk/glow lichen
15. Kelp & mushrooms have a slight (smaller than normal?) offset like grass & flowers do
16. Jagged Peaks has some moss or grass on its slopes, but not its highest reaches?
17. Fix river biomes as best as possible
✓ 18. Fix land when it comes above ocean surfaces not being decorated properly
✓ 19. Add depth filter to dune grass placement in beaches
✓ 20. Fix Windswept biomes gravel rock spawning
✓ 21. Fix Stony Shore boulder issues & add new vegetation
✓ 22. Move as much as possible to air as a tag
✓ 23. Fix dirt under the water in mangrove swamps => Mangrove swamps for some reason had a `disk_grass` feature I had not disabled???
24. Fix "underwater sediment" surface rule
✓ 25. Fix issues with `flat` and `flat_liquid` surface rule conditions


4.0.0
1. Pale Garden up to Natural Philosophy standards
    Pale garden is already pretty good, add more moss and more grass?
    Don't want to make the trees too tall, or else breaking creaking hearts might become much harder
    Add some ground vegetation maybe?
    Glow lichen in the Pale Garden, on the trees?
2. Add some custom biomes to the game?
    Fill out existing missing portions of the biome spread (cold plains, move a few biomes further apart, etc)
    Deep oceans are a biome BELOW ocean rather than existing on the surface
    Cold desert => gravel desert biome, maybe?
    Add some more new cave biomes to spice up the underground?
        Surface rocks rather than plants for cave detection


Don't want to duplicate things PVJ does because they do them just fine. Work on things PVJ does NOT do instead
