5.0.0 (The Biome Update)
1. Add some custom biomes to the game?
    Fill out existing missing portions of the biome spread (cold plains, move a few biomes further apart, etc)
    Cold desert => gravel desert biome, maybe?
    Add some more new cave biomes to spice up the underground?
        Surface rocks rather than plants for cave detection
    Consider maybe an ocean trenches biome surrounding mushroom islands? Tubeworm blocks and smokers, etc?
2. Improve caves and add cave biomes
    Surface rocks rather than plants for cave detection, maybe? Or more obvious plants
    Stalactites & stalagmites for normal stone (but not for andesite, diorite, or granite)
        => Rockfall events, maybe? Dropping stalactites/stalagmites
        => Figure out if I need Lithostitched sequential generators to make top/bottom pairs of speleothems
    Boulders of fallen rocks in caves
    Extra fossils in the Deep Dark, especially on the 'surface' of the caves
    'Magmatic Depths' or 'Volcanic Depths' biome at depth > some limit
        => this can take over for my original idea of surrounding the lava pools in basalt, instead have the deeps be a
           smooth basalt layer when in this biome (or at least when the top is)
    'Granitic Pluton' and 'Plagioclastic Laccolith' biomes, (Granite), and (Diorite inside, Andesite outside) for base stone types
        => Placed above the deepslate layer, possibly with "veins" of material making webs down to the Bedrock from them
    Might have to fix cave shape, if it's even possible to do effectively?
        => Flatter, wider caverns for the deep dark, maybe? Those combined with some deep pits down near bedrock?
        => Lava rivers down near bedrock? Or have Tectonic do those, or do this as an addon to Tectonic
        =>
    Some sort of slime vegetation or slime residue to indicate slime chunks?
3. patterned ground is made by perfmafrost, the sort of on-again-off-again rocks. consider for tundra biomes?
    tundra can have small patches of trees where plains might not have any
    consider tundra as the slide between forest and prairie for cold biomes (?)
4. revamp desert biomes entirely, even if they don't get split
    Cactus can only be placed on "coarse dry dirt"
    coarse dry dirt is in between coarse dirt and sand/red sand, possibly have variants so we can blend easier (blockstate?)
        => color of packed mud but the texture a mixture of coarse dirt and sand, perhaps?
    dune grass can be placed on coarse dry dirt as well. rename to "hardy grass" or maybe?
    deserts are a mix of coarse dirt, coarse dry dirt, and sand. make dune deserts later and reduce sand percentage?
    deserts have "lots" of "foliage" in the sense that they have sparse, specific foliages. would be perfect for bushes, esp. low-lying ones
    desaturate sand??? big ask but also right now it's _so_ saturated and having it be less yellow might help
        => don't bother, too un-vanilla. blend the dirt better instead of trying to do this
5. more mob variants? mob variants for some mobs missing them? (fish, etc)