6.0.0 (The Biome Update)
1. Add some custom biomes to the game?
    Fill out existing missing portions of the biome spread (cold plains, move a few biomes further apart, etc)
    Cold desert => gravel desert biome, maybe?
    Add some more new cave biomes to spice up the underground?
        Surface rocks rather than plants for cave detection
    Consider maybe an ocean trenches biome surrounding mushroom islands? Tubeworm blocks and smokers, etc?
2. Improve caves and add cave biomes
    Surface rocks rather than plants for cave detection, maybe? Or more obvious plants
    Stalactites & stalagmites for normal stone (but not for andesite, diorite, or granite)
        => Rockfall events, maybe? Dropping stalactites/stalagmites
        => Figure out if I need Lithostitched sequential generators to make top/bottom pairs of speleothems
    Boulders of fallen rocks in caves
    Extra fossils in the Deep Dark, especially on the 'surface' of the caves
    'Magmatic Depths' or 'Volcanic Depths' biome at depth > some limit
        => this can take over for my original idea of surrounding the lava pools in basalt, instead have the deeps be a
           smooth basalt layer when in this biome (or at least when the top is)
    'Granitic Pluton' and 'Plagioclastic Laccolith' biomes, (Granite), and (Diorite inside, Andesite outside) for base stone types
        => Placed above the deepslate layer, possibly with "veins" of material making webs down to the Bedrock from them
    Might have to fix cave shape, if it's even possible to do effectively?
        => Flatter, wider caverns for the deep dark, maybe? Those combined with some deep pits down near bedrock?
        => Lava rivers down near bedrock? Or have Tectonic do those, or do this as an addon to Tectonic
        =>
    Some sort of slime vegetation or slime residue to indicate slime chunks?
    "Glow Lichen Caves" underneath mushroom islands, to really expand on the mushroom theme? More lapis spawns there perhaps?
        => possibly make it hostile? it depends. consider.
3. patterned ground is made by perfmafrost, the sort of on-again-off-again rocks. consider for tundra biomes?
    tundra can have small patches of trees where plains might not have any
    consider tundra as the slide between forest and prairie for cold biomes (?)
4. Split desert biomes into two and then revamp them; reorganize Badlands biomes around the same vein
    Rather than going "desert" and "lush desert", use current desert, and then add "dune desert" devoid of foliage
    Eroded badlands should be entirely devoid of foliage; Badlands should have foliage on the basin floor only; wooded badlands has a lot of foliage
    Dune grass can be placed on many blocks; gravel/coarse dirt/etc (add in cracked blocks as well, perhaps? but doesn't grow into tall grass there?)
    Scrub Desert should possibly be gravel/coarse dirt? It might look good but it would go against the decor of Desert Villages
        => Could consider a sandy soil block instead, specifically for scrub deserts
        => Would need a new palette to keep it from being extremely obviously different from sand
        => Some blocks could place on both sand and sandy soil, some could only place on sandy soil
    Try to keep this as Vanilla as possible, even though the biome layout is being altered to fit these in
    Try to make normal desert "OK" to be right up against jungles by adding bunches of foliage
        => Don't want to modify the biomes and their layout that much to avoid issues with other mods
        => May need to shuffle things around a bit to get them to fit well
5. more mob variants? mob variants for some mobs missing them? (fish, etc)
6. [Temperature] Mushroom Shores biome with ocean-matching water color, to prevent water color disconnects
7. Move some biomes around and add some more. Pine taiga, move Birch Forest to "cold" climate & adjust water color, etc
8. Differentiate River, Stony Shore, and Beach biomes fully to make water color transitions not jagged across different biomes